Aqua Slider
Aqua Slider
The Aqua Sliding door series is perfect for smaller spaces and is now available with more configuration and design options. Not only will you enjoy the benefits of functionality and space, but the sophisticated design and polished chrome hardware will bring a contemporary feel to any bathroom.
Range of configurations
Regency's Aqua Slider is available in a variety of flexible configurations to complement any layout. Speak to our friendly Regency team about configurations best suited for you bathroom.
Contemporary hardware
The Aqua Slider shower screen has designer impact with its contemporary polished chrome fixtures and door handles.
Smooth and sturdy operation
With a polished chrome ball-bearing runner mechanism that allows smooth gliding and anti-lift technology, a semi-frameless Aqua showerscreen paired with a sliding door is perfect for the smaller bathroom.
Enjoy spending more time in your shower and less time cleaning it
Nanoclean protective coating on your shower screen will reduce cleaning time by up to 90%. No need for scrubbing with harsh cleaning chemicals - just wipe down with a microfibre cloth. Guaranteed for 10 years.
Learn More
Bring your vision to life
Regency have been Australia's experts in shower screens for over 30 years. If you've got a dream, we'll make it a reality.
Updating your bathroom?
Complete you bathroom with Regency's range of Frameless, Shaped and Framed Mirrors.
Browse All Mirrors
Available in a range of configurations, custom made and installed to your specification
GS330
Front Only
GS530
Front & Return
GS530 OH
Front & Return on Hob
Select from our range of finishes
Polished Silver
Polished Silver
Close ✕
Specifications
Max Height
2100mm
Max Width Front
1600mm
Max Width Return
1500mm
Glass Options
Toughened Clear and Toughened Low Iron
Glass Thickness
6mm
Finish Options
The Aqua Slider is available in a polished chrome finish only
Warranty
7 Years - Terms and conditions apply
Downloads
Regency aqua slider flyer
care & maintenance shower screen, splashback, mirrors – regency
Browse our other Showerscreen products
Aqua Series Inline
View detail
Aqua Series Overlap
View detail
Frameless Shower Screens
View detail
×
