Aqua Series Inline
Aqua Series Inline
It’s durability, strength and style makes the Regency Aqua Series range the most sought after shower screen on the Australian market. The inline option offers a streamlined pivot door, providing clean lines and pure simplicity.
Style and substance
With a continuous slimline frame and no visible screws or rivets, the Aqua Series leaves a modern impression, whilst maintaining its practicality. The design features a strong metal pivot, a slimline perimeter frame, and a frameless door, perfect for those who want to achieve the frameless look without the expense.
Matte black finish
The Aqua Series is available in a matte black finish, which is sure to complement any modern bathroom design and different types of bathroom and shower tapware.
Enjoy spending more time in your shower and less time cleaning it
Nanoclean protective coating on your shower screen will reduce cleaning time by up to 90%. No need for scrubbing with harsh cleaning chemicals - just wipe down with a microfibre cloth. Guaranteed for 10 years.
Learn More
Clean lines
The slim perimeter frame has a modern square profile, with no hidden corners or visible screws or rivets, the Aqua Deluxe has impeccably clean lines.
Inline or Overlap?
Your choice of an Inline or Overlap door.
Inline doors are made to measure to the exact size of the door opening, the benefit here is that there is no overlapping glass and the screen has minimal lines, providing a more streamlined and sleek appearance.
Overlap shower screens design is such that the door overlaps the side lite. Providing a more cost effective option and also slightly more protection from water leaking out while the shower is on.
Updating your bathroom?
Complete your bathroom with Regency's range of Frameless, Shaped and Framed Mirrors.
Browse All Mirror
Available in a range of configurations, custom made and installed to your specification
Gl330
Front Only
Gl530
Front & Return
Gl530 OH
Front & Return on Hob
Gl710
Splay
Gl370
Wall to Wall
Select from our range of finishes
Bright Silver
A timeless, sleek option that exudes a refined charm. The polished silver finish is a classic choice, fitting perfectly with traditional or transitional design styles. Its shine adds a touch of luxury and elegance, making it a perfect complement to a more traditional interior.
Pearl White
A pristine, timeless choice that effortlessly complements any decor. The classic white finish brings a sense of purity and cleanliness, making it ideal for a minimalist, modern design style, or a fresh and airy coastal look.
Its versatility allows for easy pairing with a range of interior design themes, creating a refreshing and inviting atmosphere.
Gunmetal
Gun Metal
Matt Black
Matt Black
Brushed Gold
Brushed Gold
Brushed Nickel
Brushed Nickel
Close ✕
Specifications
Max Height
2100mm
Max Width
2800mm
Max Depth
1300mm
Glass Options
Toughened - Clear, Grey, Acid Etch, Satinlite
Glass Thickness
6mm
Wheelchair Access
Step Free Entry Option
Warranty
7 Years - Terms and conditions apply
Downloads
Regency aqua series flyer
care & maintenance shower screen, splashback, mirrors – regency
×
