Grange Slider Shower Screen
The Grange sliding door series is perfect for smaller spaces and is now available with more configuration and design options. Not only will you enjoy the benefits of functionality and space, but the sophisticated design and polished chrome hardware will bring a contemporary feel to any bathroom.
Range of configurations
Speak to our Stegbar consultants about configurations best suited for you bathroom.
Contemporary hardware
The Grange Series Slider shower screen has designer impact with its contemporary polished chrome fixtures and door handles.
Make cleaning a breeze with Nanoclean
Nanoclean  protective coating  on your shower screen will reduce cleaning time by up to 90%. No need for scrubbing with harsh cleaning chemicals - just wipe down with a microfibre cloth.
Learn More
Smooth and sturdy operation
With a ball-bearing runner mechanism that allows smooth gliding and anti-lift technology, a semi-frameless Grange shower screen paired with a sliding door is perfect for the smaller bathroom.
Updating your bathroom?
Take a look at Stegbar's range of Frameless, Shaped and Framed Mirrors
View the Mirror range
Available in a range of configurations, custom made and installed to your specification
GS530
Front & Return
GS330
Front Only
GS530 OH
Front & Return on Hob
Select from our range of finishes
Polished Silver
A timeless, sleek option that exudes a refined charm. The polished silver finish is a classic choice, fitting perfectly with traditional or transitional design styles. Its shine adds a touch of luxury and elegance, making it a perfect complement to a more traditional interior.
Close ✕
Specifications
Max Height
2100mm
Max Width Front
1600mm
Max Width Return
1500mm
Glass Options
Toughened Clear and Toughened Low Iron
Glass Thickness
6mm
📄
PDF
Stegbar Grange Slider Flyer.pdf
📄
PDF
Care and Maintenance Showerscreens, Splashbacks & Mirrors Stegbar.pdf
You might also be interested in these mirror products...
Framed Mirrors
View detail
Frameless Mirrors
View detail
Shaped Mirrors
View detail
×
