Aqua Inline Shower Screen
Bring any bathroom to life with the beautiful minimalist Aqua Series Semi Frameless Shower Screen.
Style and substance
With a continuous slimline frame and no visible screws or rivets, the Aqua Series leaves a modern impression, whilst maintaining its practicality. The design features a strong metal pivot, a slimline perimeter frame, and a frameless door, perfect for those who want to achieve the frameless look without the expense.
Unique pivot door system
The stylish pivot door system is engineered to withstand everyday use without disrupting the sleek design and expansive glass panels.
Inline or Overlap?
Your choice of an Inline or Overlap door.
Inline doors are made to measure to the exact size of the door opening, the benefit here is that there is no overlapping glass and the screen has minimal lines, providing a more streamlined and sleek appearance.
Overlap shower screens design is such that the door overlaps the side lite. Providing a more cost effective option and also slightly more protection from water leaking out while the shower is on.
Elegant, slimline frame
With a slim perimeter frame with no hidden corners, screws and fixtures, the Semi-frameless shower screen is  easy to clean .
Make cleaning a breeze with Nanoclean
Nanoclean  protective coating  on your shower screen will reduce cleaning time by up to 90%. No need for scrubbing with harsh cleaning chemicals - just wipe down with a microfibre cloth.
Learn More
Updating your bathroom?
Take a look at Stegbar's range of Frameless, Shaped and Framed Mirrors
View the Mirror range
Available in a range of configurations, custom made and installed to your specification
Gl530
Front & Return
Gl330
Front Only
Gl530 OH
Front & Return on Hob
Gl710
Splay
GI370
Wall to Wall
Complete the look with our showerscreen hardware options
Round Knob - White
Code: F13
Finish: Matte White
Finish Options: Matte Black, Brushed Gold, Gun Metal, White, Brushed Nickel. Satin Silver
Length: 30mm
Round Knob - Brushed Gold
Code: F12
Finish: Brushed Gold
Finish Options: Matte Black, Brushed Gold, Gun Metal, White, Brushed Nickel. Satin Silver
Length: 30mm
Round Knob - Gun Metal
Code: F14
Finish: Gun Metal
Finish Options: Matte Black, Brushed Gold, Gun Metal, White, Brushed Nickel. Satin Silver
Length: 30mm
Round Knob - Matte Black F11
Code: F11
Finish: Matte Black
Finish Options: Matte Black, Brushed Gold, Gun Metal, White, Brushed Nickel. Satin Silver
Length: 30mm
Round Knob - Brushed Nickel
Code: F15
Finish: Brushed Nickel
Finish Options: Matte Black, Brushed Gold, Gun Metal, White, Brushed Nickel. Satin Silver
Length: 30mm
Round Knob - Bright Silver
Code: F16
Finish: Bright Silver
Length: 30mm
Close ✕
Select from our range of finishes
Matt Black
A bold, modern choice that adds a touch of sophistication. The sleek, matt black finish is perfect for contemporary or industrial-inspired designs.
It contrasts beautifully with light flooring and fixtures, creating a striking focal point. This finish brings a sense of urban chic, making a statement.
Pearl White
A pristine, timeless choice that effortlessly complements any decor. The classic white finish brings a sense of purity and cleanliness, making it ideal for a minimalist, modern design style, or a fresh and airy coastal look.
Its versatility allows for easy pairing with a range of interior design themes, creating a refreshing and inviting atmosphere.
Bright Silver
A timeless, sleek option that exudes a refined charm. The polished silver finish is a classic choice, fitting perfectly with traditional or transitional design styles. Its shine adds a touch of luxury and elegance, making it a perfect complement to a more traditional interior.
Gunmetal
Gun Metal
Brushed Nickel
Brushed Nickel
Brushed Gold
Brushed Gold
Close ✕
Specifications
Max Height
2100mm
Max Width
2800mm
Max Depth
1300mm
Glass
Toughened - Clear, Grey, Acid Etch, Satinlite
Glass Thickness
6mm
Wheelchair Access
Step Free Entry Option
Warranty
7 Years - Terms and conditions apply
📄
PDF
Aqua Series by Stegbar.pdf
📄
PDF
Care and Maintenance Showerscreens, Splashbacks & Mirrors Stegbar.pdf
×
